Sir?
Laura Lewis' information.
She's been Harrison's wife.
No wonder why she won her department.
Actually, Sir, been Harrison just divorced her.
Orson?
Wait a minute.
Don't you remember?
She's the one who helped us with the sweet contract three years ago.
Yeah.
She saved our hiding now.
Remember?
Why would Ben Harrison dump someone who just got him a hundred million dollar contract?
Let's get to the bottom of this.
Hey, why don't you do it?
Let's go with me.
Tell the guy's this instant.
Dealing from the Harrison's.
We gave you a generous divorce settlement.
You refused it.
And now you're stealing.
She couldn't afford it.
You're a thief.
That's mine.
Give it back.
No.